###Logo meetings

Each group will review their logos with Dave.  He will also be available to provide support with visual styling and UI/UX.

##Schedule
| Group Name | Meeting time|
|    ---     |    ---      |
|[The Poseidon Project](https://github.com/NataliaEstrella/unit-3-final-project/blob/master/project_proposals.md)|2:00 pm - 2:30 pm|
|[Frame](https://github.com/JovannyEspinal/Frame)|2:30 pm - 3:00 pm|
|[ARZombies](https://github.com/bblanco1/ARZombies)|3:00 pm - 3:30 pm|
|[Pencraft](https://github.com/Derek316x/unit-3-final-project/blob/master/project_proposals.md)|3:30 pm - 4:00 pm|
|[Street Sketch](https://github.com/JustineKay/TrueNewYorker)|4:00 pm -4:30 pm|
|[Face The Music](https://github.com/xhenna92/unit-3-final-project/blob/master/ProjectProposal.md)|4:30 pm - 5:00 pm|
|[Shoutout](https://github.com/mesbekmek/Shoutout)|5:00 pm - 5:30 pm|
|[NeverLate](https://github.com/ayunav/NeverLateApp/blob/master/NeverLateProjectProposal.md)|5:30 pm - 6:00 pm|