[**code sample**](https://github.com/accesscode-2-2/code-samples/tree/master/Gestures)

# UIGestureRecognizer
`UIGestureRecognizer` is an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes. 
A gesture-recognizer object—or, simply, a gesture recognizer—decouples the logic for recognizing 
a gesture and acting on that recognition. When one of these objects recognizes a common gesture or, 
in some cases, a change in the gesture, it sends an action message to each designated target object.

[**UITapGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UITapGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UITapGestureRecognizer)    
> UITapGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for single or multiple taps. For the gesture to be recognized, the specified number of fingers must tap the view a specified number of times.

[**UIPinchGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIPinchGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UIPinchGestureRecognizer)  
> UIPinchGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for pinching gestures involving two touches. When the user moves the two fingers toward each other, the conventional meaning is zoom-out; when the user moves the two fingers away from each other, the conventional meaning is zoom-in.

[**UIRotationGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIRotateGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UIRotationGestureRecognizer)  
> UIRotationGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for rotation gestures involving two touches. When the user moves the fingers opposite each other in a circular motion, the underlying view should rotate in a corresponding direction and speed.

[**UISwipeGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UISwipeGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UISwipeGestureRecognizer)  
> UISwipeGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for swiping gestures in one or more directions. A swipe is a discrete gesture, and thus the associated action message is sent only once per gesture.

[**UIPanGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIPanGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UIPanGestureRecognizer)  
> UIPanGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for panning (dragging) gestures. The user must be pressing one or more fingers on a view while they pan it. Clients implementing the action method for this gesture recognizer can ask it for the current translation and velocity of the gesture.

[**UIScreenEdgePanGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIScreenEdgePanGestureRecognizer_class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UIScreenEdgePanGestureRecognizer)  
> https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIScreenEdgePanGestureRecognizer_class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UIScreenEdgePanGestureRecognizer

[**UILongPressGestureRecognizer**](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UILongPressGestureRecognizer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/UILongPressGestureRecognizer)  
> UILongPressGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for long-press gestures. The user must press one or more fingers on a view and hold them there for a minimum period of time before the action triggers. While down, the user’s fingers may not move more than a specified distance; if they move beyond the specified distance, the gesture fails.

### Steps to using a `UIGestureRecognizer`
```objective-c
// create an instance of UIGestureRecognizer or a subclass
UIPanGestureRecognizer *panGesture = [UIPanGestureRecognizer alloc] init];

// give it a target and an action
[panGesture addTarget:self action:@selector(handlePan:)];

// add the gesture to a UI element
[self.view addGestureRecognizer:panGesture];
```

### State
Gesture state is defined as an `enum` (`UIGestureRecognizerState`). The most common states that you'll use are `UIGestureRecognizerStateBegan`, `UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged`, and `UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded`.

```objective-c
typedef enum {
   UIGestureRecognizerStatePossible,
   
   UIGestureRecognizerStateBegan,
   UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged,
   UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded,
   UIGestureRecognizerStateCancelled,
   
   UIGestureRecognizerStateFailed,
   
   UIGestureRecognizerStateRecognized = UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded
} UIGestureRecognizerState;
```

**UIGestureRecognizerStateBegan**
> The gesture recognizer has received touch objects recognized as a continuous gesture. It sends its action message (or messages) at the next cycle of the run loop.

**UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged** 
> The gesture recognizer has received touches recognized as a change to a continuous gesture. It sends its action message (or messages) at the next cycle of the run loop.

**UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded**
> The gesture recognizer has received touches recognized as the end of a continuous gesture. It sends its action message (or messages) at the next cycle of the run loop and resets its state to.
